This way we wanted something as
all events entry on the left

hand side or maybe we keep these
side as it is. The other

suggestion was on the combined
event dialogue.

We show the dialogue wherein
open up another dialogue that

will list out all predefined and
events and from there you can

select some.

The one that ran short right?

Is it?

Yeah, I.

Uh.

Isn't it at the office? If in
that instead of clicking uh, not

this tab below like events
somehow in the weekly you know

the this you know the A bubble
category events, then it shows

all the events table.

That's the offer from other it
is inconsistent with other tabs,

right?

Yeah, yeah, it's better. We have
all entry on the left hand side

Yeah.

We are.

instead of having one events.

Yeah, but I think, yeah. Or I
think combined dialogue is also

a good idea in that case.

Just a question, we are talking
about this for combine combining

events, right come we have when
we combine two events, right?

Yes.

Yeah.

Uh, so I think on predefined
tabs, events tab we don't have a

combined combination allowed. Do
we have that?

I am not sure about that.

For predefined events tab.

You know, so just try to get Lin
that.

On the three different events
that we will not have any uh

toolbar there.

Yeah. So for that, I think it
might conflict with the designs

Umm.

because we are combining now. We
are now going to combine few

events from different tabs,
right? So it might affect the UX

designs.

Yeah. And I think in that case
means, yeah, in that case means

We have to think about that
also.

the combined dialogue might
surface, have requirements that

that will be showing all the
events list.

So before we go forward.

Did we confirm that Caitlin will
come up with some design or do

we need to discuss it now like?

I I think, Caitlin, you were
supposed to come up with some

Uh.

design.

Uh uh, yes, prendra. So. UM.

Uh, yeah, because, UM, we didn't
have any expert in UI team. Uh,

to like to make any suggestion,
right. Because the the time of

that use case meeting, right. So
I don't want to miss any expert

expertise from UI side sure. So
I think if you have any

suggestion based on their based
on their decisions. So please.

Feel free to share and point it
out some. Uh question if there

are like blocking the UI team
for this kind of this kind of

change, right? Yeah. So.

Uh, if uh, if you are OK with
this design, then I think, uh,

yeah, I think, uh, we can ask
Caitlin to start make the

change.

So in that case, then, uh,
currently she has not updated

any reason, right?

Yes, yes.

Please, whatever design we are
seeing is old. OK, maybe. Yeah.

Kaushal. What we can do is we
have two options. Right. Two

suggestions. One is having all
entry on the left hand side and

another can be after clicking on
combine and then show the list

of all.

Uh, events there, on click of a
button or some?

I guess she knows those two
things, but maybe we can.

Uh, pass it on to her and maybe
she will take some decision on

it.

Yeah, sure.

Ohh, I'm sorry Pandora. So the
you mean the all entry on the

left side is, uh, you mean the
the like?

Can be one option, right?

And one more option within this
all events or something like

Uh.

that.

Yeah, I think, yeah, I like
that. Just so you know that

Umm.

that, yeah, table the events
tab.

Yeah, all the events, probably
something like that.

Oh yeah. So I think we we
discuss about that all events,

right. So we have like maybe 1-1
like 1 repository like. So I

Yeah, one entry at the top.
Yeah, yeah.

think the current suggestion is
we don't have this we we we like

we delete this this we we kind
of remove this design.

So it means we don't create that
all event repository.

So we under creating that, we
are not merging tables, but we

Ah.

just did not visually we show
all the tables.

API this scene we are not
mulching tables. We just show

individual tables but in one.

Pick you know screen.

Umm.

It would be like a midtier or I
think if Meteor app player would

be just a internally combining
those things and forwarding it

to the UI. Just all all events
list internally there tables

Yes, yes.

won't be much, only just for the
visual purpose. Those list would

Yes, it's just me. The tier
combined those those tables and

be sent out.

then send to client. But you
know the back inside we don't

create much the table.

OK, OK, let's see.

He just didn't manage. Just, you
know, these tables as well. It

is separate being separated.
That's another option.

And just a follow-up question on
that, a question on when for all

OK.

Yeah.

events tab that we are actually
discussing right now, do we also

be having events table in that?

I'll be expecting that also in
that only like all events under

Yeah.

all events table.

Yeah.

Under all events.

Events from predefined events,
custom events and events table

will be shown right.

Even statements.

I think it will be very long
list, right? I'm expecting that

very long list if you.

Yeah, we can.

We can see if we can paginate
that and, but if we go for all

events right then.

We will also need to have uh
combined button there.

Only the combined button or
maybe we'll have to see what

kind of buttons we want on the.

Uh, that particular review? Then
we show a select the all events

on the left hand.

Right.

You know.

Anyway, very big table, but that
filter at the top will help.

I, Ashwin.

That art filter is different,
right?

Yeah, I think that's.

That is for the usage
assignment. Yeah, that that is

All uh office on the not not not
searching any.

Yep.

only for the usage.

Event today OK.

No.

The drop down, I mean to say
that dropdown that you can see

the all one so that that filters
out on the basis of the usage

and the filter box with the
magnifier icon. So means on the

Yeah.

from that means we can just
search out the event name.

Yeah, that's what I meant. You
know, if this list is a very

long, then you can just type.

But event the name to find. Uh.

Yeah, that can be done, yeah.

Ah, OK.

Umm. So, uh uh, can you uh, may
I bother you to write the that

two option like you mean the the
UI option you discuss right. Can

you please write a short summary
maybe one or two lines so I can

Yeah, right.

double check with.

Uh, yeah. With our yeah. In
sharing our. Yeah, you you can

post in our event squad this
meeting, yes.

That we were helpful, yeah.

Yeah, sure.

Thank you so much.

Yeah. Yeah, sure, sure. And I'll
do that. Yeah. So welcome.

Yeah.

OK.

Sorry.

So other than this, do we have
any other questions or

suggestions?

Yes, I have a question, but
those are basically related

Yeah, please.

commendations.

So first is like we have this.

Shift very happy components
interval components right? It's

like internal selection
components like the calendars on

the create event page or
something like that, right? Can

you please scroll up little?

But.

Uh.

Or creative. And we have
something like intervals select

Yes.

intervals.

Ohh Shivam is it possible to
share those screens and maybe

uh, you know, show that problem
because Tammy is also here,

Steven, and ran. Maybe they can
help, you know, understanding

Yes, yes.

the whole thing.

Yes, yes, sure, sure. I'll let
me share.

So is my screen visible right?

Uh, yes.

Actually, we were discussing
about how.

Multiple selection works on this
events, right?

So first let me show you the
forecast setting that I have

already have.

So.

Right now it's on the weak part.
OK, but if we change it's week

two like multiplied and shifts
to some certain value, right?

Select your OK.

Couple.

Actually I am a little confused
how actually shift works. So my

question is like it our says
there's actually starts on 1960

right?

And now if I select one.

And shift is 2 and it's our
interval is weak, right? So it

is giving a random value from
one to 10. It is auto selecting

something one to 10.

And if I click on 11 it is auto
selecting from 11 to 25. Can you

please elaborate little bit like
how it actually works on

different intervals and how it
is dependent on different things

like interval multiplier,
shifts. How all these are

combined. So I want to little
know a little more about it.

Uh, sorry, can you please can
you please click on?

UH-11 again.

Umm and click 8.

It will be like kissing.

Ohh.

It's a two week interval so that
is how I think we are getting

Yeah.

two weeks selected as the time
being.

Uh.

So that is happening
consistently. I mean, for

example, if he selects a.

And not only for this, actually,
even for different types of

No, maybe wait.

Internet users.

Yeah. So, so it's also it's also
I have a.

There are.

OK so.

There are different every
interval. You will see a

different type of thing so.

Yeah.

OK. Yeah. So the this is showing
two week time interval but the

problem is you know when he
changes the shift value so

multiplier is 2 so that is how
two week bin we are expecting to

get and we are getting it here.
But if we change the I mean

shift value so for example shift
is 2 here in this case so it is

Yeah.

starting on 2nd day of.

No, I mean week, first week. So
if he changes it to something

else, this bin definition itself
is going to change. I mean, for

example, the bin is now starting
on 8th and continuing till 21st.

You.

But if you changes the shift
value this bin, it will start on

some some very different time
maybe on the 38th or 1st of

month something like that.

So I mean what we expected is, I
mean it's a two week interval so

starting on 1960 first of I mean
January 1960, the that interval

should begin.

But.

If we change the shift, it
changes so that is something

which is not expected. I mean we
failed.

So the the shift it if it's
using, if it's using a do list

And Mike?

then.

Umm that would be start date to
end date by interval and there's

two ways that works if you don't
put a shift on there then it

assumes that it's the same
alignment so that whatever the

weekday of the 1st.

Value you give it is whatever
that is. Then it has the same

day every week. But if you put a
shift on there, it assumes that

you specifically want intervals
that start on whatever day the

shift is.

So.

This was.

This was kind of the best I
could come up with to UM to

Who did?

accommodate what people were
trying to do so so that is so

looking at this example, if you
put.

So if you put January 1st.

Umm by two weeks.

Then it's going to.

Well, OK, I'm not sure why.
Let's see.

Is it by?

What is it? By what? What's the?

It's, I think weak.

Two and two week. Yeah, week.

So week two I think is the week
two.

Interval is OK.

Who is the multiplied two is the
ship.

To week week two.

Yeah.

Yeah, it's sweet too.

OK.

Or.

Which interval is it OK.

2.

Interval is weak.

If two and.

But is it the inner? Is it the
interval for the time series?

Now interval for the time series
is month. That is, it's a price

OK.

data.

Alright, so the interval for the
occurrence.

Or recurrence.

I guess there is no recurrence
he has defined yet.

No, no reference except for
that.

Uh, yeah, the currency is none.
You can see. Yeah, it's a pulse

It's appalled.

OK, OK.

event.

He hasn't yet, I think, related
the event definition, but it is

Yeah.

that date selector. For that you
know occurrence or pull

I am, yes, yes.

selector.

Like I have a question is how
this gates lecture is actually

working.

Like what should be the ideal
behavior for this sector?

Well, the date selector I didn't
do I I can tell you how you know

the intervals are gonna work, I
mean.

Yeah, that's what we want.
Actually, it was very confusing.

So.

So the interval if.

If you don't put, I think on the
interval if you if you don't put

a shift then it's going to be
starting on Monday. But if you

put a shift then it's gonna
start on whatever day.

It is, and if it's a two week
interval, that shift could be up

to.

Up to 14.

It was three-week interval. The
shift could be up to 21.

Umm. I'm sorry, Tammy. So, so
current this example we have

like shift equals two and uh
week, sorry the multiplier is

equals 2 right. So will that be
shifted 40 or 40 back or?

I mean, because maybe this UH-20
not 28293030 first they are

selective but not shown.

Show where you show where you
selected the interval again.

Yeah.

Yes.

Uh, so actually one more
question. Like whenever we

change the shifts, right, the
bin also the bin size also

changes bin size like the bin
actual bin.

It shifts the bin also shifts up
and down, or it's just the.

Uh.

In like the face value that we
are going to store it in the

face value that we are going to
store that only changes.

The value that we are actually
going to change.

OK, so this is for the time ID.

Yes, stemming.

OK.

Fire two shift 2.

Let's change it to some other
value.

No, don't change it yet. Little
every problem is different. So

if you change it, there will be
new problem.

Yeah.

Yeah, even tried it on date and
some other things.

So multiplier 2. So that's going
to be, you know, 14 days and

then shift to is going to mean
it starts on let's see Monday.

Sunday is the first day of the
week.

And two is Monday.

And if.

It's based on 1960.

So.

It's like the first Monday after
1960, and then it all lines up

OK.

It.

that way and it's always done
that.

They are.

Are.

Yeah. So the first bin would
start, I mean, after 1960, I

mean 1st Jan 1960.

That's what you are saying.

Right. So UM.

So if it's two week intervals,
you have to figure out.

Where they start right? So.

Umm.

If the only one week interval
you can consistently start on

But we can still be for.

the day of the week that you're
specifying, but if it's two week

intervals.

It has to pick where the two
weeks are gonna start, so it

would be the first date after
1960. So since you're.

I think I can relate to what you
are saying here. So it's it

Yeah.

basically starts on 28.

That uh, Monday, 28th before
1960 and continues for two

weeks.

Yeah.

Till 10th of Jan 1960. So that's
what it looks like.

Shim or what will happen if you
click on the 20th? Yeah, yeah.

Hey, yeah, it's from 28th of
December 1959 two.

10th of January 1960.

Yeah.

Bin is actually starting on 29th
this 28 December 1959 and that.

December.

That is and continue till 10th
of January 1960. That is going

to be the first bin for this
week two interval. That's what

it looks like and that's what
Tammy is trying to explain.

And one more question that do we
have from mid tier from Midtier

can we call call and he says
code like can we call and SAS

code where from which we can
actually drive these range.

So it will be better for us in
the UI rather than having it on

the front end, right? Like
exposing our whole code on the

front end itself. So it will be
better if we get the ranges.

Yes, I believe so. Not. Yeah, I
I have to actuate in at the

conservative Sujatha. But yeah,
the like you said instead of him

not UI figure out this whole
logic. If a military send the

this you know information then I
think it might be better. Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah. I can talk to this better.
Better.

And not only for this, I think
for the for some values also in

that.

If we selected to ISO.

I don't go to those complicated
ones. These are very difficult

No, no, just.

to explain.

OK. So we ones only.

Yeah, you gotta put the entire
day.

And.

I tried like a lot of things
now.

I mean.

I would expect people to.

If they need two or three weeks,
I'd expect them to experiment

and see, you know.

If they're getting what they're
wanting.

Uh.

Besides those values, actually
besides the range, actually, uh,

can we also get some values of
for this week's also like if we

select 1997 light, so we will be
getting the values for the

dropdown, we can actually have a
select box in that and show the

value that we can get from back
end. So it will be like very

straight forward for thing for
us.

Because I don't think that OK
front and we will be able to.

Yeah, he said. The.

Yeah. Yeah. Instead of. Yeah.
The one at a time. Could you

actually this summarize all
these kind of things?

And is sent to. You know this
data in the shishimai.

Yeah.

Then certain I will discuss what
kind of things in the we can

send from middle tier.

Yes.

Yes, yes, sure, sure. I will be
preparing your document and

we'll be sending it to you
super.

Sure.

You know.

Acting. That's it from my side.

But yeah, and you can. But you
know there thank you for giving

me some time.

OK. Thank you, Shivam.

So does anyone have any
questions?

Uh Umm?

So if, uh, we don't have any
other questions. UMI think.

Ohm.

I service uh. Something some?
Uh.

Uh.

Resources we have been using,
but I think I forget to share

that one. Uh, the event question
page.

What I mean, posting your chat.

So.

Let me uh this one is.

Confluence Page, created by
cultural and it let me start

share the screen.

Yeah, so, uh, this is a page I
just, uh, posted in our uh

teams. Uh chat yeah so.

This one is uh.

Umm yeah. So in this one we
have, uh, summarized some

questions and uh, so here are
some US design questions and

this blue format word is
Caitlin's answers and from her

answers we have some further
questions and yeah, some of them

has been discussed in the last
Thursday's meeting and the all

the meeting has a recording in
the.

Uh event squad, meat chat and if
you, I think you can access it

and if you're not, please let me
know. And also I have yeah, I

Sure. Yeah. I take a look. Yeah.

remove the expired.

Uh, it's expiration date so
yeah, so they will be there

forever and ever. Yeah. And
yeah, from here this SP is

Stratus comment. Based on
Kelly's feedback and these are

the resolved questions listed
here. Yes. OK.

OK.

Thank you.

So yeah, I think now I covered
all the resources, yes.

OK, OK and.

Yeah.

Ran. Can I just make it very
quick point?

Oh yeah. Please, please.

Yeah. So, I mean mostly our, you
know, design and UX questions

are almost resolved, not
everything but mostly resolved

or I mean there are areas maybe
where we can probably start. No,

I know working right. So I mean
if there is some you know design

discussions or something like
that or you know say for example

so app layer they think of you
know creating certain functions

for say create event or
something like that so.

I mean, can you, you know,
probably start you know?

Uh, I mean having those
discussions so that you know we

can get to some estimate because
we have started for quite some

time, but maybe you know we
haven't, I mean done actual you

know I mean implementation
progress, right, so or maybe in

terms of there could be
questions like you know the

APIs, what kind of APIs should
be required or you know things

like that so that you know we
get a better hold of you know I

mean what?

All we need to do, and
accordingly we can probably, you

know plan and estimate our work
in a better way.

Yeah, I like that. Yeah, instead
of, you know, but like you said,

you know, the we just we start
in a designing and then

implementing it and we might
have been a better questions. So

yeah instead of going not
resolve all issues before we

start implementing once we get
started implementation then we

might have a.

But they're understanding, or
you might have a new viewing

locations.

Yeah, like I said, either, yeah,
we should start implementing.

Even ferry graphic design.

We gotta start somewhere, right?

I mean, it could be very rough
at this point.

Yeah.

Least having something.

Uh, yes, rajib. Yeah, that's a
great question. Yes, that's a

great suggestion. Umm, so from
my end I actually start to write

some castle script and but that
like if we merge the table or

not. So that was a question to
blocking me and I I I even

created 2 version of the code
for for that for do that or not

and.

I think uh yeah. I'm uh. I think
from that, uh, perspective, uh

it is kind of behind the the
calendar. Sorry not yeah. Behind

of the calendar and we we surely
have some discussion last week

and early this week yeah. With
the use case. You know use case

meeting and among the.

Uh, yeah. And yeah, sorry. And
and last Friday's discussion,

yes.

Umm, so uh. So based on the
schedule of Meteor, I think I

can try to summarize some
result. I'm sorry summarize some

code and to and then I will
check with my head to see if he

think that is OK and because
Strada mentioned she will be

back on March 13th, right? So I
will try to.

Uh, give her the app layer code.
Uh App sorry app layer code, as

long as she come back.

Uh, so that that is my
understanding of the uh.

Progress.

Uh, is that reasonable? Sorry.

Yes, yes, sure. I mean, uh,
maybe, you know, maybe my

question was I think even on a
higher level, maybe you know

having those, you know stories
or you know in what order maybe

we are going to you know have
those deliverables completed. So

I mean sort of like say as I
say, I give an example of create

event. So what are those
functions or I mean what are

Umm.

those APIs would look like or
screen we can see and based on

that maybe you know what?

Stories are required to achieve,
say, a creative and

functionality or something like
in that.

I see. I see. Yeah, that that's
great suggestion. Yeah. I really

like it. Like like it because I
was like, totally writing code

in dark. And I'm not sure. Like,
what kind of input I have and

output I I need to provide to
meet here. Yes. So yeah, I will.

I think. Yeah, that's a very
good question. And we we

certainly can start that
discussion in next week's event

squad meeting and.

I also let me sink. Yeah, and I
think 11, another blocker was.

So for example for PMVF turn
right, that is a graphical

definition of event. So for that
one I.

We I, I I start writing code a
long time ago and I even I even

asked some question of regarding
that overlay time series or not

right? Because in the forecast
server right we can see like all

event definition is that
overlays default right? Because

if you click create event it
will pop up a graph like with

the event and the.

Time series. So if you don't
specify the event, it will be a

horizontal line, right? So that
was some question like blocking

me and I asked the Pilling
several times and yeah and I

asked in our like in the squad
and in the use case. Yes. So

yeah, if if those questions can
get clarified, I can.

Ohh I can finish the castle code
on the like the show the plot,

right? So yeah, yeah, I really
like your suggestion. And yeah,

we should start to consider all
that. All the design, you know,

general level and like how to
make each functionality works.

Yeah. And actually on the
similar lines, I was having one

So.

question like means for both the
PMVF PMVF 10 and 12. So means

are we going to parallelly start
those work on the those PMVF or

are we are targeting something
like first we will be completing

PMVF 10 then we will be taking
up 12. So is is there anything

decided on that?

I think that's up to you guys,
but not uh. I just wanna

mention.

Yeah. Yeah. Back then. Uh, when
you, uh, work as a squad and the

multi tiers, we have a server,
server side and application side

and midtier and UI and the
testing. Ohh we agree in all

your on our contract between the
the HTTPS so application team

and the middle tier team we
agree we means when we call

certain API then what kind of
respond we are expecting.

And the the same goes to UI and
the military as well. So we did

that way we kind of were not
sign off this contract and then

middle tier instead of you know
we develop and the application

team actually to implementation
we basically pass the dummy data

so you know the passing this
systemic data shouldn't take it

that long it's just a matter of
week we just create some Marks

and then whenever you know the
some API is call then.

Uh.

Yeah, it's just return
hardcoded. They know the

respond.

Uh, we that way we don't have to
like each other otherwise, you

know, we are working like in a
waterfall application team is

done, then we are middle team is
waiting and then pick up and

then.

The item is waiting until needed
till deliver the API.

So we shouldn't do the kind of
things.

You guys understand what I'm
saying, right? Yeah. Yes. So

Yeah, perfectly agree with.

Yeah, yeah.

unfortunately, it's just it's
not here. And then she's in a on

leave because of the her
daughters of the wedding.

But we gotta actually the
prepare those the country first.

Is is it tears?

So run if you don't mind, can
you prepare a some kind of in

the component pages?

And then what the middle tier
can?

Call we're calling an API. It's
can call and then I'm gonna ask

a certain word. I'm looking
around if any other developers

can substitute while she was
away.

Uh.

Oh, shorefront. Yes. I mean,
yeah, yeah, that is something I

should do long time ago. Yes, I
will. Yeah, I will get that

Yeah.

Yeah.

done. Yes. That will create a
the confluence page. And yeah,

share with our team. Yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

So in the the same goes to front
the UI and the midtier as well.

Hopefully that someone can
substitute this data and then

prepare those contract.

OK, that's it.

Uh, yeah.

And then regarding the PMVF in
the tenant, the 12 in Peter?

Thanks Amy.

I think in the.

Ohh yes, uh, so regarding uh,
cultural question about the

Uh.

order of PM. We have turned 12
so as as we as you can see uh

PMVF turn is 1 action item
within the description of PMVF

12 so.

Umm, actually the PMVF turn at
the beginning, I saw that it's

only the graph showed in the
create event dialogue, but after

if you check the calling
kilian's figma file attached to

PMVF 10, she also listed that
one as a looking forecast

viewer. So.

Umm, I think I need to, uh,
double check and uh first uh

need to uh clarify with in the
use case meeting that if we will

show the overlay or not. I think
based on the current discussion

of it seems like it tends to
create some new look like.

Umm, like not overlay the time
series contest with event

definition, but I'm not 100%
sure. So yeah I will keep you

updated yes.

It shouldn't. Thanks a lot for
that.

So they actually do a tenant or
12 depending each other or it

can be.

It can go together OK.

Uh, yes, I mean, uh, I think uh
PMVF turn is 1 action item in

PMVF 12 so.

UH-8 kind of support the graph.
We need to show in uh am great

event dialogue and the forecast
viewer, so at least I need to.

Uh.

Yes, I think.

Ohm.

Yeah, I think uh P uh, yeah. In
short, PMVF. Uh PMVF 12 depend

on PMVF 10.

OK.

Yes.

OK, I think we are running out
of time and yeah, thanks

everyone. Thanks everyone for
attending to this meeting. If

you have any other questions,
please feel free to post in our

chat. Yep.

Uh, thank you. And uh have nice.
Uh Thursday, yeah.

Thank you.

Pine thanks. Bye.

Sure. Thank you. Very good day.

Yeah, bye.

Thank you. Bye.

You all. Bye bye.
